Update workshop to v1 of SDK (#330)
KILTprotocol/docs: sdk/02_tutorial/01_welcome.md

In this tutorial, you will:

✔ Get familiar with the essential concepts in KILT: accounts, DIDs, CTypes, claims, credentials, and more.
✔ Use the KILT SDK to implement the basic flow of a KILT claim, from creation until verification.

>     You'll create a claim as a <span className="label-role claimer">Claimer</span>, attest it as an <span className="label-role issuer">Issuer</span> and verify it as a <span className="label-role verifier">Verifier</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You'll create a Credential as an <span className="label-role issuer">Issuer</span>, produce a Credential Presentation as a <span className="label-role holder">Holder</span>, and verify it as a <span className="label-role verifier">Verifier</span>.
```
